[Music]
oh oh come on man
you could get that buffed out no you can
get that buck down no knock-and-talk
knock knock Miami PD get down what the
hell happened is knock-and-talk hands
behind your head right now I got this
I'm gonna penetrate this man so with my
heart
what watch sir I realized that you
scared you know sometimes how deep you
think you got in your soul I'm done my
own guitar uh-oh here we go again you
want your legacy to be muscle shirts and
body counts I didn't do all this you
didn't shoot anybody
come on cab you know I shot son yeah
me these streets I never trusted
anybody I'm asking you man
bad boys one last time one last time I'm
the definition of
we're not just black with cops - we pull
ourselves over later
right up off the glass I've been telling
you I asked for a year he can like
he's in like a steam
bad boys bad wood sheet on it what's he
gonna do when we caught it no never
y'all will never do that again yeah and
you up the lyrics which take a
long time and learn dad prisoner 1 2 0
1814 roll it up
[Music]
hey welcome back
Lolita so good to see you may I
introduce my thrall officer I can't
believe they let you walk purpose for
coming the United States these days as
you well which one is it boss what are
you doing Luke shotty Oh No
why is that man trying to kill us his
brother's the one who died during the
investment bank job I just did time so
he's looking for revenge well I'm on
other things may I help you he's crazy
you heard his accent you know why he
speaks that way because he thinks he's
French
get up and what if I don't I'll go
[Music]
it is my pleasure to kill you nobody
entire family I just got out of the
joint night literally this morning I
know
[Music]
[Applause]
you need triple six requesting backup
[Music]
you blew out my deals wrong I can't hear
your apology because I'm deaf now to my
privilege to teach you this semester
enjoy your winter breaks and Merry
Christmas sup ladies excited for tonight
it is the last day of our last fall
semester of college ever
[Music]
can you take a photo of all of us of
course
where's how nothing but she was patting
back a soda earlier but she looked
really good she's we should know better
go back by herself she's fine come on if
I were missing I'd want you to unleash
the bloodhounds and track me down
she was a dko last night just in
creating problems all right hello hello
I'm worried something bad happening it's
weed or break could just be a delay of
some sort snow my friend is missing nine
times out of ten the girls just with a
boyfriend
I will bring you to your knees
[Music]
what it can't be real
this school has 200 years of history
many sacrifices have been made to keep
our traditions alive you're insane
tired of hiding
and kind of running oh we messed with
the wrong sisters
[Music]
let's go boy
oh the light oh go
a young girl has died of diphtheria it's
highly infectious and I have no
antitoxin to fight it with this disease
is fatal to children we're gonna get
them medicine here call every hospital
tell them to send as much antitoxin as
they can spare the sea is frozen over
the ship couldn't get within a hundred
miles will mush again dog swim you can't
be serious
I can't do the secret you were choosing
to transport this serum with a stone-age
solution do I have a little faith will
you I'll do it are you gonna do this no
storm miss your daddy who's not assured
Senora
howdy what's gonna happen to us
that's nearly 700 miles a real aim we
station men at every Roadhouse along the
way I've tool already right the dogs
will never make it we have to try every
day we wait children are going to die
[Music]
they're gonna come back
we've lost contact
come on
any news from Alpha Pack decrease SEC
right
I'm not gonna let anything happen to you
he's not Photoshop yeah pop man prepare
to leave the house there you boys will
be involved in such activities as four
games ambush techniques is employ
stuffer I don't think I can do this
yes of course you can how about comes to
a friend got me in so much trouble
- growing up too fast Tan Yongsan be
celebrating war and talking politics I
wish more of our young boys had your
blind fanaticism
did you know juice can read each other's
might such how would you know who saw
one they look just like us
hi
you know what I am sit but you
gesundheit that was intense
what am I going to do no idea goodies
our girl in the house and language to
judge
wanna go she ate I tell on you will be a
they'll never win no there's a strongest
in the world
your mother took me she's kind
suits me like a person you two seem to
be getting on balance it doesn't seem
like a bad policy
I'm the enemy
hinata nuts Jojo who a ten-year-old kids
who likes dressing up in a friend in
uniform wants to be part of a club
[Music]
okay
Oh God nothing makes sense anymore yeah
I know it's definitely not a good time
to be a Nazi who can tell me the meaning
of the word divisive the annoying
tending to cause disagreement or
hostility between people how many words
did you look up like a hundred seven
thousand three hundred and forty-six
[Applause]
hey Mack I know you had your heart set
on living
you're a great debater in a valiant
competitor child emotionally not even 12
like 10 my imagination leaks out of my
head you just raised there's been a rash
of thefts my laptop is still mine I see
I see customer loyalty card is missing
what I see await would you like to sign
this yourself only it's not mine it I
found six just left that flame at all I
think I stole what about motive and
opportunity is easier to see it's the
first thing I think about when I'm
writing a novel we got a mystery to
solve
we D and Billy run interference there
you'll be only getaway card art this is
it hey let's go I'm on it
kids why not my own size go into a party
with this alcohol and no adults workers
out
[Music]
Tonya Tonya tell me who's Tanya and it's
question
No
[Music]
the future of smartphones has arrived
introducing a different kind of digital
assistant we use the latest technology
to bring you something extraordinary
hello my name is Jack Z and I am here to
make your life better
oh look at that that's cool
one two three four five six stupid huh
how can I help you let's get dinner you
look like you could use a salad Phil
what kind of phone is this Oh No okay
I'm okay - thanks oh I'm sorry you're
okay I'm fine but more importantly how's
your phone it's got a little bit of a
scratch that will definitely annoy me
you were kidding you guys are supposed
to write lists to break the internet
every day we haven't gone viral since
yesterday prison lips what do you got
cats that look like Ryan Gosling I like
you I like you like your boss is a
what is wrong with your phone dude zero
friends take a chance and try something
new she is so cute I heard you say call
Kate finicky no I did not
Bank on this case hi use my waves are
you ready to go yeah let's go Oh would
you mind not bringing your phone
POTUS
you promised you'd be home by 11:00 to
watch Cupcake Wars with me okay today
will be 80 degrees and sunny I need a
new phone this one is defective see
hipster dudes like you come in here
everyday right little cracky
you can buy a thousand new phones and I
will follow you on to every single one
of them I'm done you do not know how to
get home do you no I do not so all for
one no chief sucks I control your email
to bank accounts no one puts Baby in a
corner
why are you doing this to me I am
programmed to make your life better you
and I are meant to be together forever
forever
no pictures with your junk to
everyone no Carroll's pre-cycle
fairy tale has a way of getting into
your head even before you hear it
somehow you just know it
and it always went like this pleased to
make your acquaintance I'm called Gretel
and this rough one here is my brother
Hansel tell me how you came to be in my
woods
there's too much and is it right you're
scared or something wrong here tassel
dear I'd hate for you to start something
you can't stop
you know diamond from the Bronx right
what's up baby we're gonna help or learn
how to do a real dance oh I'm good at
that don't think I don't want to be
dependent on anybody I just want to be
able to take care of my grandma maybe go
shopping every once in a while even Wall
Street guys you want them drunk enough
to get their credit card
it's sober enough to sign a check we
didn't do anything wrong you know Tony
won't let this happen I'm gonna text
them gave up her phone back stop get the
blinky kickbox it
are you in of Flers rated-r in theatres
September 13th I don't know how I don't
know when
but wait and you'll see I will be part
of your
welcome to Scotland
well faith so coincidence
so what wrong you get that is it
sea-facing yeah can I see it
do you love me I do
when I was at school a teacher fell in
love with one of the pupils memory first
ie from me secret is safe with me
but I do any now I go out and they had
to leave did they leave together
yeah they want a massive fine I'm
pregnant
okay they will lock me up I will go to
prison for loving so yes I'm a teacher
for God's sake it's illegal I love you
so then leave her be with me these four
with me I will do you ever think about
the future a lot yeah you got it my baby
I'm not I want the baby I really want
God's sake faith this isn't a game this
is real this is my life
same hotel he Zach's apron
my house in school I came here with
eight never Oh what are you talking
about there tell me everything that
happened the first time I visited death
row I wasn't expecting to meet somebody
the same age as me from a neighborhood
just like ours could have been me mama
let what you're doing is gonna make a
lot of people upset you always taught me
to fight for the people who need the
help most
your life is still meaningful and I'm
gonna do everything possible to keep
them from taking you all know what you
into down here now Velma when you get it
from the moment you're born God just
like Miller we done here
mr. McMillan please
I was just about to give up when I got a
call from a Harvard lawyer looking to
start a legal Center for inmates on
death row I was in before he even
offered me the job
buta lawyer yes ma'am
thank you so much for driving all the
way out here most lawyers barely make
time to call I can't believe you talked
to all my people so you won't fight for
me I did I mean a lot you don't digging
in those wounds you're gonna be making a
lot of people very unhappy
when people care about a thing that much
tell me anything to get what they want
when I first learned about all this it
was like looking at a river full of
drowning people and not having any way
of helping them
[Music]
you ain't quickness well sir each of us
is more than the worst thing that we've
ever done I know what it's like to be in
the shadows
[Music]
it's my dad he did nothing wrong
it's never too late for justice
you know one kid enough to fight for me
if we can look at ourself close
we can change this world for the better
we all need grace
we all need mercy
I got my trouthe back you gave that to
me and ain't nobody gonna take that
folks love is patient love is kind love
is not rude
it doesn't boast love also if it gets
wrong how I do
it's been hard hasn't it let go of a
prayer for you are you doing okay just a
sweet word you know it's okay if you're
not table is prepared for you
I'm trying to give you the tools to
succeed and this was not easy out there
everything I do is fear
I know you're under a lot of press right
now but I'm just getting really scared
you'll have this place to come
everything's gonna be okay all right
we're in this together
[Music]
[Applause]
you able give me
to hold this family together
[Music]
lord knows I've held on to way too much
hate in my life
all we have is not
[Music]